I had 4 rounds of interviews: 
1. Senior Recruiter: Analysed my background and why I wanted to join Thoughtworks. 
Basically they wanted to understand if you gel with their culture. 
Also guided me on the further interview processes and how I can prepare for them.
2. Technical interview (coding) : Tested TDD skills on my technology - javascript. 
They had shared a repo with me 5-6 days before itself and gave me enough time to prepare. 
They also asked me how I can refactor it and other clean coding techniques. 
It was a pair programming, where I was asked to share my screen and 
I have to discuss with developers from TW's side on how to proceed with the 
coding and the best approches. 
3. Technical interview (design/architecture): was asked to design an e-commerce system.
Had to draw the flowchart and give sufficient explanations for choosing each technology.
Focus on microservices. 
4. Cultural fit: Casual interview where we share our life experiences
and stories. Also will be asked to pick cards which would have a scenario, and we have to
tell how we would handle the situation. Each is an elimination round.

Prepare your core tech stack well. 
Should have good problem solving well. 
and clean code and TDD is major focus area. Ensure your good at that.

1. System Design. 
2. Clean Code and understanding in pair programming. 
3. Javascript Basic. 
4. Previous and current project knowledge. 
5. Lastest implementation and initiative take in current projects.


Interview

there were 3 rounds 
1. Code Pairing Round: We were given the Joy of Energy repository code to review 
beforehand. During the interview, we implemented an API, such as calculating the
cost of energy from startDate to endDate. They evaluated us on code architecture,
  naming conventions, and overall coding practices. 
2.Technical Round: This round involved basic OOP questions and a simple DSA problem, 
such as finding the maximum product of two numbers in an array containing both 
positive and negative numbers. 
3.Cultural Round: We answered behavioral questions, such as how to motivate and 
support team members and discussed the societal impact of technology with real-life examples.

1.discussed the societal impact of technology with real-life examples 
2.how to motivate and support team members 
3. finding the maximum product of two numbers in an array containing both positive
 and negative numbers